Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
This is Dr. Benjamin Price. a professor of ancient history.
Report number four.
The legendary Necro Domican. the Book of the Dead. is not just a legend.
The Circle of Wise Men found him and despite my warnings.
They read from the book and its sacred passages.
The demon was released. the demon that possessed the body. so malicious.
It's as if the devil himself is here.
May God help us.
Report number five.
We found something.
An object with great power that can send them to hell.
If they come back. I hid it behind the runes and eggs.
It should stay that way.
Because if it opens. they will feel it.
They hear the sound of the earth.
They taste its flavor in the air.
And then. they starve at night to destroy it.
Oh my God.
Jump out the window.
And he's running down the street in his underwear.
Who jumps out the window like this?
Oh my God.
Don't tell me this is him. man.
Don't answer.
What if it's an emergency?
Leo. it's not an emergency.
He's just messing around with that black dress.
Next time. please.
Leave your damn phone in the car.
I don't want this. brother.
Be quick.
Soon.
Don't answer the phone.
Don't answer your damn phone. Leo.
I swear to God.
If you answer. I will go.
Don't give up. man.
Hey. hey. man.
Damn... I was calling.
Oh my God.
Oh. it's getting better.
We brought a little something for the birthday party.
wow.
That's it.
We went a little overboard.
Happy birthday.
Alice. Alice. Alice.
Are you serious?
No. I was joking.
Okay. but you're not listening.
This is our third bottle.
Maybe we should go a little. you know. slower.
Yes. it's Joseph's birthday.
We can get a little drunk.
Okay. okay.
Goodbye. don't leave me.
Let's open the presents.
Joseph. happy birthday. brother.
This is from both of us.
You guys didn't need to do anything.
Oh. thanks. guys.
Oh. it's automatic.
Yeah. well. it's not just a pen.
That's it.
Just not more than a thousand dollars.
But that's not the point.
I wanted to grab it to. you know. encourage you to finally finish your book.
Not very clever. my dear.
Well. to be fair. this is the fifth book he's started.
Actually. it's the fourth.
Shit. man. sorry.
But if you see Alice with her photos. you know. they're good.
The difference has been amazing since I bought him that damn thing.
And sometimes I think you just need a nudge.
Yeah. that's it...
And...
Happy birthday.
I love wrapping.
Oh. crap!
This is so funny!
Everyone looks funny in black and white.
You didn't say you brought the gift yourself.
Just a small thing.
And as for you. you are always alive.
I was more involved.
I just said it was from both of us.
Thank you both.
Thank you.
Yes. you are very talented.
Oh my God.
I was mixing.
You and Mary didn't like Tag.
It's too long.
Sorry. honey.
Guys. do you want to kiss my boyfriend?
What's up?
No. you know. we French girls like to kiss wherever we want.
Yes. very classy. Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
Yeah. talk from across the house.
It's sad to go that way.
What do you say?
I don't care.
I'm not criticizing you.
You are celebrating.
What are you thinking about?
I know we're celebrating.
Just lower your voice.
Okay.
Am I done?
Okay?
Probably sweet.
We're never getting married. okay?
Listen. buddy. he didn't mean to.
No. no. no. no.
He came here.
Yeah.
This makes a wild meal.
It's the same thing with cigarettes.
We're talking about having kids and he won't let go.
Masakhrest.
Forget it.
You know what it's like.
wow.
Can I borrow your cigarettes?
Sure.
Mike. that's enough.
For example. I am your boss.
What's next?
You are the boss.
Be quick.
Didn't your first sentence activate the t-shirt?
No.
It was great.
It's like an oven here.
Also. my music is too loud.
Yeah. but hey. tell him.
Yeah?
Well. go ahead.
Keep gossiping about me to the employees.
We were just talking.
Okay. Mike.
I know it's not you.
Alice. can you come back inside. please?
Okay.
Come here.
Be quick.
Hey. hey. hey.
Okay.
Just calm down.
Don't make me look like someone I'm not. okay?
You're the one who makes a scene in my club.
You make me look like a hysterical drunk.
Hey. I'm sorry.
Okay?
Hurry up. let's go.
Hey. look at me.
I just hate it when you act like a damn child.
Don't call me that.
Just stop your nonsense.
Don't touch me!
I told you!
Damn!
So. you're pulling this out of me.
Yeah. I've never been like this before.
Alice. none of my girlfriends have ever blown me away like this.
What do you think is the reason?
If we can't talk. how are we supposed to move forward. huh?
Huh?
Yeah. sure. run to Mike.
Why didn't you give him another cigarette?
How about a blowjob?
Stop the hell!
of the.
Hey. no.
Brother. please. for Joe's sake.
I'll take you home.
to say.
I won't let anyone get away with this.
Hey. hey. don't go to the dog.
Don't call my mom.
We found you.
Now we have to start a family.
What the hell!
What a mess!
Help!
Help me!
What the hell!
"Evil Dead: Blazing"
Dad. you'll get there when I give you the chance.
Okay. my grandfather.
Oh. well. everything will be fine.
Everything will be fine.
Don't worry. don't worry. don't worry.
We don't know what to do.
It's a test for him.Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
But maybe it will come to you.
Oh. damn.
The only thing that keeps me awake is you.
Huh?
Neither really works.
So. where did it go?
A few days ago.
Joseph is somehow here now.
His parents basically gave him the vacation home.
Look up.
You have a gun in this window.
This is not mine.
Joseph's money.
I think he wants to be a real badass.
Joseph Khuffan.
It's funny.
Hello. Bonnie.
How are you?
He didn't live here.
Of course. it's only been a year.
We are definitely the same size.
Oh. this is funny.
You removed all the tapes.
Thank you.
Do you think they work in construction?
No. no. don't worry.
They promised me they would stop at noon.
And they have to collect it at any moment.
We gathered here.
We are gathered here today to celebrate the life of William Price.
To pay tribute and share his memories.
Because as long as those memories live on. William will always be with us.
Now I want to ask Ms. Susan Price.
William's mother. please say a few words.
Bonnie. what are you doing?
She's Susan. Grandma. And Bonnie is with us to give her some breathing room.
William.
My sweet son.
I could talk for hours about what a wonderful kid he was.
An exemplary teenager.
And a man who made us very. very proud.
He was so fascinated by French cooking that when he studied in Paris.
He surprised us by bringing a French wife. Alice.
Bill dreamed of starting a family.
You two would make wonderful parents.
And we could have been Edgar's grandfather and Susan's grandmother.
I would give anything to be together again.
I'm very sorry for the noise.
Alice.
Would you like to share something with us?
A special memory of your wife?
I need a coming of age speech.
seven.
Okay.
Well. I want to play a song that held a special place in William's heart.
Your wedding song.
You have a special place in William's heart.
Now you won't tell me I'm a star.
And the rest of it isn't about me being a big person.
I am from Los Angeles.
E.
Ali. Ali. Ali. A.
Ali. Ali. Ali.
What?
These bastards won't stop.
It has nothing to do with it.
Doesn't summer stay on track?
Don't let go.
And I have to let go.
Who is this Jojia?
Life goes on as if they think chickens are real.
With cold fingers in the dough.
I can sniff out a crook like a dog.
I see it when I see it.
What happens when I order?
My small room.
The real world.
When I order. they think I'm a real chicken.
My small room.
This is a true story.
I want to say goodbye to my son... one last time.
Um. well...
How many days will it take for you to receive the ashes?
But you're really not allowed to be here.
Sir!
Sir. my son just died.
Five minutes.
And don't tell anyone. otherwise we'll fight.
Thank you.
My condolences.
Damn.
to say!
Ava!
Come with us.
Okay.
See you there.
How far is it?
Less than five minutes.
Good? Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
Yeah. it's just... you know they don't want me there.
This is not true.
Okay. come on.
The only thing that matters to them is that the world be together.
Are you leaving something?
Even my mom said she was really impressed.
He agreed to cremation. then burial.
And we can do it where he wanted to.
He appreciates you. really.
Yeah. maybe I won't.
I mean. on the other hand. my dad... somehow can't stand you.
I'm sorry.
It looks very worn now.
Wait. have you been here before?
We got married here.
Mom?
Dad?
You are back.
Grandma. do you know where Mom is?
Oh. it's still school.
It ends at four o'clock.
Yes. thank you.
Mom?
What are you doing?
What do you think?
We're inviting Alice.
It was his wife.
I will do it.
When we gave you this place. I wanted you to throw everything away.
Why are things still here?
I just wanted to keep something from Grandpa.
I would like to throw it away.
He threw us away.
I know. it's just... some things are fascinating. you know?
The demon was released. the demon that possessed the body. so malicious.
It's as if the devil himself is here.
Does this sound interesting to you?
Just inspired by the book.
Is your book about grandfather?
No. about him. his research.
Hurry up. curses and demons.
I found a lot of strange artifacts that he had brought from all over the world.
Apparently part of a secret society.
It was a cult.
Being a historian. you know.
He recorded everything in his notebook.
Look. I wanted to tell you.
No. he might tell you.
My father was not a good man. Joseph.
When my mom's mind began to analyze. she pulled back.
He spent more time with the circle of wise men than with us.
It was on some voyage of discovery. buried in some stupid old book.
When Aunt Bonnie got sick. that's when she left us forever.
A few dusty weapons. tattered scrolls. he said.
He must find a way to protect us from evil.
All he did was talk like this.
Because he didn't have the courage to face real hardship.
I had to take care of this family.
I'm sorry.
Subtitles by Mehdi shine021
You need to rest a little.
Okay.
I'm fine.
It's from pills.
Tell everyone lunch is in an hour.
Throw this away.
What's up?
The assistant is going in with him.
I was just trying to help.
Oh. Bunny!
I got it!
Call the police!
Founder!
Calm down.
Broken.
Thank you.
Dad?
gas?
You don't have to worry about the yard.
Someone has to do it.
I will do it.
Just... can we leave this house to you?
Let me explain.
Do you like to live like shit?
No.
Edgar?
Edgar. are you okay?
No.
Don't tell my wife.
Please.
I stuck to this gate.
Okay.
What happened?
That is. Mr. Stepping Center.
Dr. Blitz. I'm sorry.
Yes. I heard.
Put this on the dining table.
Please take care of him.
I fixed it myself.
Yourself?
Naomi. a Greek queen.
It's very brittle and fragile here.
Beautiful.
Why did you stop?
Children first.
Then my sister Bonnie got sick.
And my mother couldn't live alone.
You had talent. Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
What a pity.
Why is it a pity?
It was with the people I have.
Building a life.
You know. without my family. I am nothing.
Thank you. Joseph.
This is beautiful.
Good?
I'm fine.
No.
We'll see.
Oh. my big boy.
Why don't you sit here?
Would you please bring the wine?
Oh. don't worry.
I got it.
Mmm. very good.
It's ready.
We just warmed them up.
Joseph and Soart. it's delicious.
I never would have guessed it was frozen.
It's worrying.
Huh?
It turns out we ate frozen food on a paper plate.
If you manage the restaurant alone. you need to understand the difference between frozen and fresh.
As for the restaurant. I'm not sure what my plan is...
Let's talk about it another time.
Let's talk now.
We are all here.
Well. I haven't decided anything yet. but it was Will's restaurant.
You were spinning it together.
I was just doing accounting.
But you are his wife.
Definitely.
To be honest. I was thinking about going back to Paris for a while.
Maybe I'll stay with my father.
So it seems like things are a little more certain than you're saying.
No. no. no. These things should be resolved within the family.
Yeah.
We have to solve it as a family.
You know the employees love you.
Alice. they need you.
Think about Will.
Do it for him.
What?
I know you.
You married Noham. didn't you?
Don't cut the meat.
I asked you a question.
It's okay.
I'm just saying you have the chance to take over a successful business.
While at the same time keeping Will's memory alive.
It was his life's work.
It was his interest.
And you have to keep going.
Susan. I really think we should do it another time.
No. now is the best time to reveal everything.
He is telling the truth.
Damn crazy!
Without me. you are nothing. Alice.
That's your damn problem!
Will. play with us.
I'm trying to have a damn baby!
You don't know what the hell you want!
Get it!
Don't fucking break me. Alice!
Alex. please calm down.
I am calm.
But you shouldn't speak for Will.
I am a mother.
No one knows him better than me.
Okay. look. we're all here for that.
I think Alice is right.
This is not the time.
You never have time. do you?
That's why you haven't done anything in your life.
Edgar. please.
Damn you. don't touch me.
Edgar. we are all mourning here. but there is no reason to be cold.
Okay.
It is not.
Don't.
Where is it?
Where is the wedding ring?
Why is it not in your hands?
Did you sell it?
You got a good price.
No! Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
No. no. of course not!
I have the quartz ring. please.
I know hoodies and sneakers.
I know the hero's husband.
I'm right here. Edgar.
You can talk to me directly.
You didn't even cry.
Don't you think this is strange?
People mourn in different ways... Get away from me!
Subtitles by Mehdi shine021
The world is dead.
You are imposing this on us.
Enough.
It's your fault. he's dead.
You didn't stop him from getting in the car!
Stop it!
I have nothing to do with it.
Will had a fight with Alice at university.
Are you saying it was my fault?
No. of course not.
You were there.
You couldn't stop Alice from getting into the car.
We tried.
Okay. I did it.
This doesn't mean it's my fault.
I'm not saying that.
That's exactly what you're saying.
No. Alice.
Edgar. I think you all better get on with your work.
You know nothing.
Glad he's dead.
Please. please. please.
Will looks down at us.
That's down.
Damn Christ. is he crazy?
Yes. please. please.
Take that damn one too!
I know!
No!
Stop it!
Let go!
Damn it! Stop it!
Shoot me. Joe.
Shoot.
October 1983.
That cursed book of the dead.
I warned them not to read it.
Forbidden word.
Four words that can unleash evil.
But not listening.
December 1983.
I finally found it.
A weapon that can stop them all.
A dagger made by this circle of wise men.
A small design of this ancient blade pulls their evil spirit out of their body.
I hid it.
But now I have to go again.
These creatures are hunting me.
And I have to protect my wife and daughters.
I died.
You too.
Fuck it.
Alice.
What happened?
of the.
I don't understand you.
What happened?
Where is your father?
I think I just killed you.
Back to my money.
To your perfect family.
Security.
No.
It hurts.
Please.
No.
Where is your father?
We have to go.
Alice. hurry up.
No. we have to go.
My dear.
Don't leave me.
You must be dead.
Just standing there.
Staring.
Damn you.
I'll be back now.
Children?
Please.
Open the door.
Did you come back to get back what you stole?
seven...
seven.
Exactly.
Oh my God.
Be quick.
Good? Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
Mom. are you okay?
Should I go or...?
Take grandma upstairs.
You thought I would let you take all the men in this family for yourself.
Wow. wow. wow!
Dad. help!
Help!
I have a young father with you.
Come on. we won't die at all.
I said help!
He... still calls the boys.
We had something that was needed.
Help!
Give us what we can!
I told you. thief!
Now I see you breathing.
No!
I was your best.
I will make sure to be your best.
You don't shoot your father.
You're killing me.
Easy.
Right here. my dear.
The money is under the mattress.
Take it and leave us alone.
Everything is broken.
Thank you.
But there's something we want in this little house.
Your husband must have told you where he is.
Yeah.
This will fix you.
Chloe.
Where is your bag?
Leave it!
I'm throwing away the Wiseman ring. your grandfather's ring.
Don't touch me.
Chloe.
Alice.
I know me.
I'm waiting for you.
Joel.
What is the Weissmann ring?
I didn't think so... Don't hide it so much and just tell me.
I saw this dirty drawing of you.
I'll tell you about our grandfather.
When we were growing up. they always said he was a psychopath.
His notebooks described him as his group summoning the devil.
It was here...
It will come back if someone reads what he called it.
Book of the Dead.
That other one left his family to travel the world.
Research and collect artifacts as a way to protect all of this.
Do you still have them?
Mom asked me to throw everything away after she died.
Damn it. he wanted to. but I didn't.
There are still some things hidden in the attic.
And to you.
That thing inside him said they were looking for something.
Maybe whatever it is can stop them.
Mom. I want you to eat this. please.
Can you look under the bed?
Daddy always checks to make sure it's not a monster.
It's not a monster.
You are lying.
Don't worry. you're safe here.
Good night. Mom.
Good night. Susan.
What did you call me?
I missed you.
I missed you so much.
We have a common dream.
It can still be true.
The whole family can be together again.
Will is on his way now.
He will be here soon.
Don't be afraid. Susan.
No.
Do you remember what you said at the funeral?
You give everything you have.
Trust everyone to be together again.
Then.
Without your family. you are nothing.
I miss you.
I miss us.
You haven't kissed me like this in years.
Your father is no longer there.
Maybe we can...
Hey guys. can we ruin it?
Okay?
Yeah. everything is better now.
I want you to trust me.
Should I trust you? Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
They are not our enemies.
Now I understand. they just want something my father stole.
I told you he was a bad person.
If it's simple. tell them where it is. give them what they want. and that's it.
We can be happy again.
Or what?
Our weapon.
It will take me. if they leave.
You are lying to me.
Tell me where it is.
What is it?
Where is the Kandarian dagger?
You have to stop it. Medina.
I found it first.
You promised!
You promised you heard it!
I don't want to hear this disgusting piece of crap.
Then.
Do it today.
Stop it!
Finally. something you can be proud of.
Did you say something?
I don't want a dagger!
Nothing will stand in our way now. once we have the dagger.
No!
Stop it!
What is it?
Answer me!
Find it!
I'll just give you what you want.
I know you like it when we hurt you.
Is that why you're talking?
Don't turn your back on him.
I have a question.
Help!
Deer Scissors. can you please step on the gas?
To rip this bitch's face off?
Keep our chaos to disperse.
Your son died because of him.
Do it.
You do it.
Do it!
Oh. Susan!
Sorry. Alice.
No!
On Joseph?
Is that my son?
You should be grateful that I didn't leave you until then.
Don't you dare move!
Thankful?
My family is lost.
Everyone I love is gone because of you.
All you did was let us in.
Oh. shut up. Susan!
Shut the fuck up!
I didn't bring anything to your family.
He wasn't there with you.
Do you see this?
You see. Susan?
This is your son.
This was something he could do.
Was it an accident?
No!
It wasn't!
Was it an accident?
And did you know?
Did you know. Susan?
You deserve everything that happened to you.
Damn everything.
But you know what?
Now it's behind your back.
I don't care anymore.
It answers.
You are right.
Your past is behind you.
Right?
Right behind you.
Like a shadow.
You have to escape from it.
Just when you think...
...sick?
Or do you heave a shaky sigh?
My son will be there.
Just like a husband should.
And it will burn you. Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com
Like the whore you are.
You are my child. my son!
I'll open you with it. just like my brother should have done.
You are worthless. just like my grandfather.
You never found it. and you never will.
Let me end your miserable life.
Do you like pain at all?
That's why they hurt you. isn't it?
Tora. blow the horn.
I will destroy you.
You will only find it in the attic.
I took it from top to bottom.
Anyway. enough of the mourning. kids.
Your body is useless.
Enough.
Remove the wires when they are successful.
Yes!
Enough.
Poverty!
Put away the wires.
When they succeed.
It was so beautiful that I fell in love with it.
It was so beautiful that I couldn't forget it.
Enough.
Did you stay because you liked it?
Or are you too scared to leave me?
Look at yourself now.
You can't go yet.
Do you remember the last thing you said to me?
Go to hell!
You went your own way.
I shouldn't have hurt you. Alice.
I should have killed you.
To
A promise to always be with you.
I keep my promise. Alice.
Without me.
You are nothing.
Enough.
Hello.
No.
Where is this?
Where is it. Alice?
Where is your damn daughter?
Subtitles by Mehdi shine021
I have a secret.
I really don't have permission.
Just give it to me.
I did this to you.
My ex-husband.
Subtitles by Fahim Hasan Setu | Hire me for any language translation ($25/Movie) ➔ fhsetu@gmail.com